[Music]
hey there at first sight these riddles
might look simple but when you get down
to work they may turn out way harder and
trickier than you've anticipated if you
still manage to solve most of them
easily you're likely to have a very high
IQ score number one who's lying
AVO went on holiday to the seaside and
got acquainted with three guys each of
them wanted to impress the girl once
when they all met in a restaurant to
have dinner the guy started telling Ava
their stories then said I took part in
an expedition to the North Pole it was
so exciting
I saw penguins and polar bears William
boasted I work as a pilot and I've
already been all over the world John
couldn't keep silent I'm an astronaut
when I was in space last time I went
outside to look at our planet from above
and was almost blown away by a strong
wind who is lying to make a better
impression
[Music]
then and John are lying penguins live
near the South Pole not the north and
there's no wind in outer space it's a
vacuum to a tricky word it's a five
letter word that means something you can
eat take away the first letter and it'll
be something you get from the Sun remove
the second letter and it'll be an
important activity you do every day
without the third letter you'll get a
symbol you use while spelling your email
address take away the fourth letter and
it's something you can eat
what is the original word
[Music]
it's wheat three eggs for breakfast
Oliver was on his way to another city it
was late in the evening and at some
point the man felt tired and sleepy he
immediately stopped at the nearest hotel
and went inside
while the receptionist was looking for
an available room Olive saw a breakfast
flyer with mouth-watering eggs on it
excuse me could I probably have four
fried eggs right now
the receptionist wasn't sure about that
our cook bought eight eggs in the
morning he broke three and fried three
were there enough eggs left for Oliver
[Music]
the cook broke three eggs and cooked
them it leaves us with five extra eggs
which should be more than enough for
Oliver for a mysterious thing some
people hate it and some love it it
changes people's thoughts and
appearances if a person takes care of
themselves it goes up higher some people
manage to hide it others try but fail
whatever people do it never goes down
what is it
[Music]
it's age five a denial four doctors said
that Simon was their brother but Simon
claimed he didn't have any brothers who
was lying
[Music]
everyone was telling the truth all the
doctors were Simon sisters six lost in
the forest here on a camping trip with
your friends while they're putting up a
tent in the middle of the forest you
decide to wander around and pick up some
firewood you get so engrossed in this
task that you notice that you've gotten
lost only an hour later there's no sign
of your friends and it's getting dark
suddenly you see a tiny house you knock
on the door and see a magician after
listening to your story
the magician offers his help I can give
you one superpower but you need to
choose carefully what do you need more
night vision super hearing or the
ability to run lightning fast
[Music]
being able to run very fast won't help
you because you don't know where to run
night-vision will be useless because
trees will prevent you from seeing your
friends pick super-hearing it'll help
you hear your friends calling you they
must be looking for you 7 funny
mathematics if 11 plus 2 is 1 then how
much is 9 plus 5
[Music]
to eleven o´clock plus two hours is one
o clock and nine o clock plus five hours
is two o'clock eight a mark on a tree
when Matt was six years old he hammered
a nail into his favorite tree in the
garden to mark his hike then his family
moved away and he couldn't check how
fast he was growing anymore 10 years
later at the age of 16 Matt decides to
come back to find the tree if the tree
grows 2 inches a year how much higher is
the nail now
Neal's going to be at the same height
trees grow at their tops not bottoms 9
don't break it you're given a drinking
glass and told to throw it to the
sidewalk but you have to do it in such a
way that it flies 10 feet and doesn't
break do you think it's possible
[Music]
you just need to throw the glass further
away let's say you throw it 30 feet away
then it'll easily fly the first 10 feet
without breaking 10 a climbing trip one
man was an experienced mountain climber
once he set off on a new journey and
promised his wife to call in a couple of
days he fulfilled his promise and while
they were chatting he mentioned that on
that climbing trip he met an old friend
can I invite him to stay with us for a
while his wife agreed but there's a
problem
half a year ago he had an accident and
now he's blind the wife wasn't happy
about the new information in this case
invite him for a day or so it'll be
difficult to have a disabled person in
our house for a longer time after that
the husband hung up he never returned
home the wife was looking for him but
couldn't find him one month later the
woman accidentally ran into her husband
in the street that's when she realized
what a terrible mistake she had made
what did she do wrong
[Music]
there was no friend it was the husband
himself who had an accident and lost his
eyesight when he heard his wife's
reaction he understood she wouldn't
accept him and decided not to go back
home oh that's sad 11 which dream
Elizabeth Steve and George are all
drinking coffee Karen Dave and bird are
drinking soda is Helen drinking soda or
coffee
[Music]
Helen's drinking coffee she has to let
her ease in her name just like all other
coffee drinkers 12 who is richer look at
the picture with two women in it and try
to figure out which one is richer
the one on the right she's a fashion
designer the woman in red is wearing a
purse with her name on it and being a
designer
she must be rich 13 a scary creature it
has a neck but no head two arms but no
hands what is it
[Music]
it's a shirt 14 boiling an egg you want
a cook an egg for exactly two minutes
unfortunately you only have a
three-minute hourglass timer a
four-minute one and a five-minute timer
how can you boil the egg for exactly two
minutes wait until the water starts
boiling and turn the three minute and
five minute timers over after the three
minute timer runs out drop the egg into
the water when the five minute timer
runs out you'll have your two minute a
you don't need the four minute timer at
all fifteen a tough choice you're stuck
in the forest on a windy freezing cold
day it's getting dark and you realize
you can't get out of the forest in time
you have to find a shelter you see an
old car that's run out of gas an ice
cave and a rundown wooden cabin where
should you hide to survive the night
[Music]
if you choose a wooden cabin its walls
won't protect you from a piercing wind
if you opt for a car the metal it's made
from will prevent the wind from reaching
you but with no gas the car won't keep
you warm the only option you have is to
spend the night in the cave the ice will
at least block the wind and conserve
some heat 16 an elusive thing the faster
you run the harder it is to catch this
thing what is it it's your breath 17 a
dishonest doctor kevin is a doctor from
Boston once he asked his boss to let him
attend a medical conference in France
the boss lets Kevin go but tells him to
send a photo report as soon as he gets
to Europe several days later the man
receives an email from Kevin that says
hello from France that's me right now
after looking at the photo the boss
realizes kevin has lied to him
how has he figured it out
[Music]
in the photo there is a clock on the
wall that shows exactly the same time as
the clock in the bosses office if Kevin
was in Paris the clock would show a big
time difference hey if you learn
something new today then give the video
a like and share it with a friend and
here are some other videos I think
you'll enjoy just click to the left or
right and remember stay on the bright
side of life